Client:-
A Client is a computer (Host) i.e. capable of receiving information or using a particular service from the service providers (Servers).
Server:-
A Server is a remote computer that provides information (data) or access to particular services.

A client send a request to the server, the server access request from the client,
then server give response back to the client, which will be information render on the website.

How the Browser Interacts With the Servers:-
There are a few steps to follow to interacts with the servers of a client:
  User enters the URL(Uniform Resource Locator) of the website or file,
  The Browser then requests the DNS(DOMAIN NAME SYSTEM) Server.
  DNS Server lookup for the address of the WEB Server.
  The DNS Server responds with the IP address of the WEB Server.
  The Browser sends over an HTTP/HTTPS request to the WEB Server’s IP (provided by the DNS server).
  The Server sends over the necessary files for the website.
  The Browser then renders the files and the website is displayed,
  This rendering is done with the help of DOM (Document Object Model) interpreter, CSS interpreter, and JS Engine collectively known as the JIT or (Just in Time) Compilers.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Request & Different Component of request:-
  HTTP Request has a HTTP method, URL(endpoint), Headers, Body.
    HTTP method: It's like a type of request we macking.(It can be Get, Post, Delete, Put).
    URL(endpoint): It tells the server, what resource you are looking.
    Headers: are like the additional instructions we give.(They containe Meta data, such as wt type of content you recive, Authentication related information, Browser type, etc..)
    Body: contains the data, you sending to the server.(In a Post request, this is were you put the information, you want to send), 
          Ex:- comment section(The comment related information, Post to the body).

  HTTP Response contains HTTP status code, Hrader, Body.
    HTTP status code: This is numerical indicator of server ressponse(Common code include: 200 is ok, 404 is NotFound, 500 which is internal server error),
      It will inform the client, about the Success or failure of request.
    Headers: Similer to Request header, Response header Carry MetaData about the response.(It include server info, content type, length of the response & cash controll etc...)
    Body: Not all responses have a body, But when it is present, It contains a data, requested by the client.
      Ex:- In a Get request, This would be actual resource,user as a requested(It present such as Html page, Images, or data )
