API:- Application Programing Interface.
  is a set of rules, protocols & tools. that allows different software application to communicate with each other.
  APIs defines the method & data formate, that application can use to request & exchange information.
  APIs is a collection of Software Function & Procedures.
->An api is a set of programming code, That enables Data Transmission B/W one software product & Another.

Types:-
(i)REST API:-
  Representational State Transfer, is a web-based Application Programing Interface, that follows the rest architectural style.
  *)Primary purupose of rest, is to provide an architecture for building web-services, that can be consumed by various clients,
    including web, mobile & desktop application.
  *)rest is based on http, which is standard protocol used for communication on the internet.
    It uses http methods, including get, post, put, delete. to perform various operation on the resources.
    each resource in rest is identified by a unique url, & the response is returned in Json/xml format.
    One of the esential feature of rest api it follows the, stateless client-server model,-
    this means the server doesn't store any information about the client's state between request. insted-
    each request contains all the necessary information. require by the server to process the request.
    This architecture makes rest api scalabel & easy to maintain.
  
  When use rest api:-
    Building web-services that requira a stateless, scalable, & easy=to maintain.
    It ideal for building applications, that require crud operation(create, read, update, felete).
    rest api is also suitable for building application, that require real-time communication.-
    such as Chat application, Streaming services.

(ii)Web api:-
    is a border term, that encompasses all types of apis, that can be accessed over the internet, include rest, soap, xml-rpc & etc.
    Primary purpose of web api is to provide a platform-independent Interface, that cab be used by various clients include web, desktop, mobile application.
    Web-api uses different protocals include HTTP, HTTTPS & TCP/IP to communicate between the client & servers.
    web-api doesn't follow a specific architecture /structure.
    Feature:-Flexible interface That can be used by various clients.
    
    
    When to use Web-api:-
    It allows developer to access various functionalities of the application including CRUD operation, authentication, authorization etc.-
    It makes web-api powerful tool for building complex application, that requiers a lot of integration & communication B/W different systems.

(iii)SOAP:-Simple Object Access Protocal
Which is Messaging protocal used for exchanging structured data B/W different application.
SOAP api is a web-Based messaging protocal, that follows a SOAP messaging protocol.
Primary purpose of SOAP, is to provide a standardized way to exchange data B/W applications.
SOAP uses xml as the format for sending & reciving data, & it supports a wide range of data types, including text, numbers, dates & Binary data.
SOAP also supports multiple transport protocols, including http, smtp, & ftp.

Features:- set of rules. Web Service Description Language(WSDL).
